hey this is Becky from earth-kind
I am here with Tom from Riverwood RV and
he has a great a great place here lots
of RV is and they also do a lot of
service so we're here talking to Tom
today to ask him about what they see
come in rodent damage in campers smells
repairs and they also sell first half
here so we love them and we saw a lot of
fresh game
rodents mice can really make a mess but
the fresh cat we we sell not only to the
RV buyers but we sell to a lot of
farmers ranchers airplane owners that
have their hangars people that like
their stuff and don't like mice like to
use so Tom what do you see coming in I
mean do you see if someone brings in the
camera that's had mice in it where where
do you start like what is I don't each
one is a little bit different the smells
and the droppings the smells of the
droppings have aren't so bad to clean up
the smells will re attractiveness
if you don't get that out and if you
don't use fresh you'll have mice coming
in every year yeah
it's that smart cleaning and proper care
so personally I just got a yeast camper
not from here and I had mice in it I
just got all of the heating ducts and
everything blown out today and find that
there was a lot of chewing void on them
so I need to now replace the heating
ducts heating ducts are a real problem
with the mice mice mice well attract one
so they'll do a lot of damage on wiring
and wiring problems internally and the
camper can be dangerous also I mean if
you have two layers or no you can burn
the camper down easy
I'm hoping I have no way very close yes
I don't have to do that it did cost me a
hundred and twenty dollars to get the
ducts all blown out what do you think is
when to be about the about how much am I
gonna have to pay for new ducting
material oh that is gonna be a real
expense maybe 20 30 bucks ok so not to
mention all of the disgustingness ethnic
that the mice have done to the camper
but just the air duct in itself and
cleaning it out will set me back about a
hundred and fifty dollars when I'm all
done oh yeah
fresh gambit of
the guy you bought it from fifteen or
twenty dollars yes yeah I'm not very
impressed so how do you get the smell
out you know heavy cleaners yeah any
finance all you know stuff like that
mice might really hit the blind smells
and I think that's a lot of your
ingredients that um yeah balsam fir okay
and that's - all would work
people say dried spearmint gum
well spearmint gum I tried that in my
old cards I played with old bars and
they used to have mice all the time and
I'm gonna tell I started using fresh and
I heard about the spearmint getting so I
throw a pack of spearmint gum around
inside I was food yeah and dryer sheets
they last just for a certain amount of
time after that smell wears off the
dryer sheets they use them for bedding
materials so I will have to say there
were probably 200 fresh dryers she's in
my camper when I bought it and mice had
a heyday dropping all over them so I'm
not the writer sheets do not work out
work mothballs me but then you've got a
worse if you remember grandma yeah well
thank you so much time to welcome with
us today and it's been been a treat and
man put some fresh cabin your campers we
love the fresh
can we sell a lot of it thank you sir
you're welcome thank you
you